example/README.md, before:

# Rubrik Cloud Cluster ES on AWS Deployment Example

## Quick Start Example Summary

This quick start example first deploys the required (and fully confgured) AWS infrastructure to support a Rubrik Cloud Cluster ES deployment, and an Amazon Linux workload EC2 instance that will be backed up by the cluster. This example then deploys, bootstraps, and configures Rubrik Cloud Cluster ES into the AWS infrastructure, and automatically configures the cluster to perform backups on the workload EC2 instance.

## Infrastructure that will be Deployed (and cost you money)

- VPC (us-east-1a)
- Subnets
    - public
        - 1 x Bastion Instance (t3.large)
        - NAT Gateway
    - rubrik (private)
        - 3 x Rubrik Instances (m5.4xlarge)
    - workload (private)
        - 1 x Workload Instance (t3.large)
- Security group allowing SSH from your personal IP address to the Bastion Instance
- S3 endpoint & S3 bucket

## <font color="red">**_Warning_**</font>

> The below terraform input variables located in <font color="cyan">variables.tf</font>
> are sensitive and should have their values set in a way that will not expose them
> in any public code repositories. For this reason, these values are not set in the
> <font color="cyan">terraform.tfvars</font> file.
> 
> There are many ways to set these values without hardcoding them, including secrets managers
> like [HashiCorp Vault][vault], HashiCorp Terraform Cloud [sensitive workspace specific variables][tfcloud],
> and locally exported [TF_VAR_name environment variables][TF_VAR_], which is the method used in this quick start example.
>
> **Note**: the values of these variables will still be visible in terraform state files, so be sure to add appropriate
> entries to a .gitignore file to exclude file names containing patterns like *.tfstate and \*.tfstate.\* from commits.
> 
> ### Variables to be set using TF_VAR_name environment variables
> - aws_key_name
> - aws_key_pub
> - aws_key
> - rubrik_support_password
> - rubrik_admin_email
>
> In addition, the data.http.ip data source in <font color="cyan">rubrik-vpc.tf</font> automatically tries
> to determine the public IP address of the machine you run ```terraform apply``` from in order to determine
> the appropriate AWS security group inbound SSH rule. If you are running ```terraform apply``` from your
> home network, you don't want to accidentally expose your public IP address on GitHub, so make sure you
> add the .gitignore rules stated above.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

1. Register for the [Rubrik Support Portal][rubrik_support]. This is optional but required to access the Rubrik GUI in step 8.

2. Configure your local environment with AWS CLI credentials. Open a terminal/shell and run the following:

    ```sh
    export AWS_ACCOUNT_ID='your-aws-account-id'
    export AWS_PROFILE='aws-profile-name' # 'default' or a profile from $HOME/.aws/credentials or $HOME/.aws/config
    ```

3. Create an OPENSSH formatted key pair with no passphrase that will be used for SSH access into the bastion, workload, and Rubrik EC2 instances.
Rubrik requires the OPENSSH format.

    ```sh
    KEYNAME='rubrik-cloud-cluster-key' # feel free to change if you want
    ssh-keygen -f "$HOME/.ssh/$KEYNAME" -q -P ""
    ```

4. Set the TF_VAR_name local environment variables

    ```sh
    export TF_VAR_rubrik_support_password='replace-with-your-rubrik-support-portal-password'; # if you aren't registered, just run command as is
    export TF_VAR_rubrik_admin_email='replace-with-your-email'
    export TF_VAR_aws_key_name="$KEYNAME"; # the name you chose in step 3
    TF_VAR_aws_key_pub=$(cat "$HOME/.ssh/$KEYNAME.pub") && export TF_VAR_aws_key_pub;
    TF_VAR_aws_key=$(cat "$HOME/.ssh/$KEYNAME") && export TF_VAR_aws_key;
    ```

5. Run these commands from inside the <font color="cyan">**example**</font> directory

    ```sh
    terraform init
    terraform plan # if no errors, apply the configuration
    terraform apply -auto-approve
    # Wait about 10 minutes for the apply to finish and produce output
    ```

6. Find the terraform output labeled secure_copy_configure_sh_command and copy everything between the opening and closing parentheses (" ") 

    ```sh
    # look for this line of output
    secure_copy_configure_sh_command = "scp -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ./configure.sh ec2-user@44.204.34.234:/home/ec2-user/ && ssh -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ec2-user@44.204.34.234 ./configure.sh"
    # copy/paste everything between the opening " and closing " and run the command
    # for example:
    scp -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ./configure.sh ec2-user@44.204.34.234:/home/ec2-user/ && ssh -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ec2-user@44.204.34.234 ./configure.sh
    # this command bootstraps the Rubrik CLuster and configures the Rubrik Backup SLA to start taking backups of the workload instance
    # wait for this command to finish before moving on - can take 15 minutes or more
    ```

7. Optional - Set up local port forwarding so you can log in to the Rubrik GUI from your laptop by tunneling through the bastion instance. Start a new shell/terminal and run the following command:

    ```sh
    # look for this line of output in your first terminal:
    ssh_local_port_forwarding_command = "ssh -N -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -L 8444:10.0.7.209:443 -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no -p 22 ec2-user@44.204.34.234"
    # copy/paste everything between the opening " and closing " and run the command
    # for example:
    ssh -N -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -L 8444:10.0.7.209:443 -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no -p 22 ec2-user@44.204.34.234
    ```


8. Optional - After running the local port forwarding command in step 7, open an internet browser and navigate to **https://localhost:8444**

9. Destroy your infrastructure - **<font color="red">this example can cost upwards of $100 per hour in AWS</font>**

    make sure you are in the same terminal/shell you ran ```terraform apply -auto-approve``` from and run:

    ```sh
    terraform destroy -auto-approve
    ```


[rubrik_support]: <https://support.rubrik.com/s/>
[tfcloud]: <https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#workspace-specific-variables>
[vault]: <https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/what-is-vault>
[TF_VAR_]: <https://www.terraform.io/cli/config/environment-variables#tf_var_name>

Commit message:

subscribe to rubrik in aws marketplace instruction

example/README.md, after:

# Rubrik Cloud Cluster ES on AWS Deployment Example

## Quick Start Example Summary

This quick start example first deploys the required (and fully confgured) AWS infrastructure to support a Rubrik Cloud Cluster ES deployment, and an Amazon Linux workload EC2 instance that will be backed up by the cluster. This example then deploys, bootstraps, and configures Rubrik Cloud Cluster ES into the AWS infrastructure, and automatically configures the cluster to perform backups on the workload EC2 instance.

## Infrastructure that will be Deployed (and cost you money)

- VPC (us-east-1a)
- Subnets
    - public
        - 1 x Bastion Instance (t3.large)
        - NAT Gateway
    - rubrik (private)
        - 3 x Rubrik Instances (m5.4xlarge)
    - workload (private)
        - 1 x Workload Instance (t3.large)
- Security group allowing SSH from your personal IP address to the Bastion Instance
- S3 endpoint & S3 bucket

## <font color="red">**_Warning_**</font>

> The below terraform input variables located in <font color="cyan">variables.tf</font>
> are sensitive and should have their values set in a way that will not expose them
> in any public code repositories. For this reason, these values are not set in the
> <font color="cyan">terraform.tfvars</font> file.
> 
> There are many ways to set these values without hardcoding them, including secrets managers
> like [HashiCorp Vault][vault], HashiCorp Terraform Cloud [sensitive workspace specific variables][tfcloud],
> and locally exported [TF_VAR_name environment variables][TF_VAR_], which is the method used in this quick start example.
>
> **Note**: the values of these variables will still be visible in terraform state files, so be sure to add appropriate
> entries to a .gitignore file to exclude file names containing patterns like *.tfstate and \*.tfstate.\* from commits.
> 
> ### Variables to be set using TF_VAR_name environment variables
> - aws_key_name
> - aws_key_pub
> - aws_key
> - rubrik_support_password
> - rubrik_admin_email
>
> In addition, the data.http.ip data source in <font color="cyan">rubrik-vpc.tf</font> automatically tries
> to determine the public IP address of the machine you run ```terraform apply``` from in order to determine
> the appropriate AWS security group inbound SSH rule. If you are running ```terraform apply``` from your
> home network, you don't want to accidentally expose your public IP address on GitHub, so make sure you
> add the .gitignore rules stated above.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

0. Subscribe to Rubrik Cloud Cluster v7.0 in the AWS Marketplace

1. Register for the [Rubrik Support Portal][rubrik_support]. This is optional but required to access the Rubrik GUI in step 8.

2. Configure your local environment with AWS CLI credentials. Open a terminal/shell and run the following:

    ```sh
    export AWS_ACCOUNT_ID='your-aws-account-id'
    export AWS_PROFILE='aws-profile-name' # 'default' or a profile from $HOME/.aws/credentials or $HOME/.aws/config
    ```

3. Create an OPENSSH formatted key pair with no passphrase that will be used for SSH access into the bastion, workload, and Rubrik EC2 instances.
Rubrik requires the OPENSSH format.

    ```sh
    KEYNAME='rubrik-cloud-cluster-key' # feel free to change if you want
    ssh-keygen -f "$HOME/.ssh/$KEYNAME" -q -P ""
    ```

4. Set the TF_VAR_name local environment variables

    ```sh
    export TF_VAR_rubrik_support_password='replace-with-your-rubrik-support-portal-password'; # if you aren't registered, just run command as is
    export TF_VAR_rubrik_admin_email='replace-with-your-email'
    export TF_VAR_aws_key_name="$KEYNAME"; # the name you chose in step 3
    TF_VAR_aws_key_pub=$(cat "$HOME/.ssh/$KEYNAME.pub") && export TF_VAR_aws_key_pub;
    TF_VAR_aws_key=$(cat "$HOME/.ssh/$KEYNAME") && export TF_VAR_aws_key;
    ```

5. Run these commands from inside the <font color="cyan">**example**</font> directory

    ```sh
    terraform init
    terraform plan # if no errors, apply the configuration
    terraform apply -auto-approve
    # Wait about 10 minutes for the apply to finish and produce output
    ```

6. Find the terraform output labeled secure_copy_configure_sh_command and copy everything between the opening and closing parentheses (" ") 

    ```sh
    # look for this line of output
    secure_copy_configure_sh_command = "scp -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ./configure.sh ec2-user@44.204.34.234:/home/ec2-user/ && ssh -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ec2-user@44.204.34.234 ./configure.sh"
    # copy/paste everything between the opening " and closing " and run the command
    # for example:
    scp -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ./configure.sh ec2-user@44.204.34.234:/home/ec2-user/ && ssh -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no ec2-user@44.204.34.234 ./configure.sh
    # this command bootstraps the Rubrik CLuster and configures the Rubrik Backup SLA to start taking backups of the workload instance
    # wait for this command to finish before moving on - can take 15 minutes or more
    ```

7. Optional - Set up local port forwarding so you can log in to the Rubrik GUI from your laptop by tunneling through the bastion instance. Start a new shell/terminal and run the following command:

    ```sh
    # look for this line of output in your first terminal:
    ssh_local_port_forwarding_command = "ssh -N -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -L 8444:10.0.7.209:443 -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no -p 22 ec2-user@44.204.34.234"
    # copy/paste everything between the opening " and closing " and run the command
    # for example:
    ssh -N -i $HOME/.ssh/rubrik-cloud-cluster-key -L 8444:10.0.7.209:443 -oStrictHostKeyChecking=no -p 22 ec2-user@44.204.34.234
    ```


8. Optional - After running the local port forwarding command in step 7, open an internet browser and navigate to **https://localhost:8444**

9. Destroy your infrastructure - **<font color="red">this example can cost upwards of $100 per hour in AWS</font>**

    make sure you are in the same terminal/shell you ran ```terraform apply -auto-approve``` from and run:

    ```sh
    terraform destroy -auto-approve
    ```


[rubrik_support]: <https://support.rubrik.com/s/>
[tfcloud]: <https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#workspace-specific-variables>
[vault]: <https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/what-is-vault>
[TF_VAR_]: <https://www.terraform.io/cli/config/environment-variables#tf_var_name>
